helm: improve the cluster deployment guide (#16016)
rook/rook: Documentation/Helm-Charts/ceph-cluster-chart.md

### **Development Build**

To deploy from a local build from your development environment there are two steps:

1. [Deploy the operator chart](operator-chart.md#development-build), in particular to get the CRDs.

> 2.  Deploy the cluster chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy the cluster chart:
```

### **Development Build**

> To deploy from a local build from your development environment you need to follow two steps:

Reviewer: In the docs we intend to just use direct commands, and avoid saying "you". 
```suggestion
To deploy from a local build from your development environment there are two steps:
```

> First, [deploy the operator chart](operator-chart.md/#development-build),  in particular to get the CDRs.

Reviewer: actually, no slash needed before the title hash, I misspoke before.
```suggestion
First, [deploy the operator chart](operator-chart.md#development-build), in particular to get the CDRs.
```
